# ChatGPT Clone

This project is a clone of ChatGPT, implemented using the OpenAI API and built with React and Tailwind CSS. <a href="https://gpt.adithyant.live" target="_blank">Preview </a>

## Features

- **Chat Interface**: Provides a user-friendly chat interface where users can interact with the ChatGPT model.
- **OpenAI Integration**: Utilizes the OpenAI API to generate responses based on user inputs.
- **Responsive Design**: Built with responsiveness in mind, ensuring compatibility with various devices and screen sizes.
- **Modern UI**: Utilizes Tailwind CSS for styling, offering a sleek and modern user interface.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/chatgpt-clone.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
  
  ```bash
   cd chatgpt-clone
  ```
3. Install dependencies:
  ```bash
   npm install
  ```
## Configuration

1. Get your OpenAI API key from OpenAI.

2. Create a .env file in the root directory of the project.

3. Add your OpenAI API key to the .env file:
  ```
  VITE_OPENAI_API_KEY=your-api-key
  ```

## Usage
1. Start development server :
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```
2. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:5173.

3. Interact with the ChatGPT clone by typing messages in the chat interface and receiving responses generated by the OpenAI API.

## Credits
OpenAI: The project utilizes the OpenAI API for natural language processing and conversation generation.

React: The project is built with React, a JavaScript library for building user interfaces.


Tailwind CSS: The project uses Tailwind CSS for styling, providing a utility-first CSS framework for creating responsive designs.
